andino_apps package created and andino_navigation package updated (#235)
Ekumen-OS/andino: andino_apps/README.md

# Andino Apps

> This package contains more complex launh files that execute applications with the andino robot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package contains integration applications with the Andino robot.
```

> # Usage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Applications
```

## Gazebo classic simulation + Nav2

> A launch file for running the andino_gz_classic simulation and the nav2 stack is provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A launch file for running the andino_gz_classic simulation and the Nav2 stack is provided.
```

It uses the [turtlebot3_world](https://github.com/ROBOTIS-GIT/turtlebot3_simulations/tree/master) world (_Apache 2 license_) by default.

```
 ros2 launch andino_apps andino_simulation_navigation.launch.py
```

> To test the navigation inside rviz:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To visualize and interact with the Andino robot in RViz:
```

- click in 2D pose estimate button and select the initial pose of the robot
- click in nav2 Goal button and select the final point.

> - the robot will start to move to the selected goal.

Reviewer: Probably we can add a GIF showing how to launch RViz and performing these operations. An image is worth 1000 words, you can imagine a video!

Author: Noted that!

> You test adding obstacles inside the Gazebo simulation or use the rviz button Waypoint/ nav through Poses mode to select sequential targets.

Reviewer: What do you mean by this? Do you want to show obstacle avoidance? If so, again a GIF will do it. However, that should come with a concrete reference to the piece of code (local planner) in charge of dealing with that.

Author: Maybe it would be better to just reference the Nav2 tutorials here.

> This package has been tested with the Andino robot with `diff drive plugin` in gazebo. If you change the world you should change the map but also it is recommended to tune navigation [parameters](params/nav2_params.yaml).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package has been tested with the Andino robot with `diff drive plugin` in Gazebo-classic.
By changing the world file, make sure to also change map file. Further navigation [parameters](params/nav2_params.yaml) tunning is recommended.
```
